hey it's Mickey from Neil 39 we got the
Jordan tents up for you dropping next
Saturday I know you've been waiting for
the next 10 well here it is start out on
the outsole we got stealth and white
running through the trim right up to the
toe led by black just right above it as
you go through the whole upper we just
got an entire black color going through
you can see black tumbled leather right
here and then you transition into black
nubuck throughout go one layer above you
once again have the black tumbled
leather met up with these lace loops and
as we go up through the mid-foot you can
see the row places running throughout as
an overlay to this lockdown fit which I
love this just gives such a secure fit
on the tens I love it as you move up to
the tongue you got the air jordan 23
embossed not quite sure if that's going
to come up on camera but you can check
it out at your local spa and then on the
ankle cuff and lining you've got the
checkered black and stealth print giving
you a fantastic look at the shoe and a
little bit of a hidden discovery for
everybody else what i love about this
shoe the most is the tab right here with
the air jordan collection jumpman
branding right here classic classic of
that era love it now if you look at the
footbed you gotta jump man right there
and then as you move on to the heel tab
you can see that with the classic white
jump man embroidered in the heel here's
a quick shot of the famous jordan 10
soul with all the accolades running from
85 to 90 for that's when that shoe drop
was 94 and you can see it ended off with
beyond showing that that's where we were
going to go at the time and when the
shoe drop MJ was actually still playing
in baseball think it was double a triple
a not sure but Birmingham Barons
nonetheless and he did rock a shoe just
like this but in a clean version and
when he came back into the MV
need to play that first game coming back
against indiana pacers it was the 10 he
was wearing in his post-retirement or
his comeback game although the Chicago's
nevertheless we have the inspiration of
the tens with us come check this out in
Neil 3939 east colorado pasadena
california dropping next saturday this
is mickey see tomorrow